Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You gotta keep it steady.
I know. - You don't know.
Now listen. you're gonna hold it steady
right there. all right.
Listen to me. - Yes.
All right? - I'm listening.
I don't want to tell you twice.
I'm always listening.
Keep it steady. all right?
I am keeping it steady.
Nice and steady.
Goddamnit.
All right. come on.
get it up there again. all right?
Brian. you're shaking.
What. you scared the can's gonna get you?
You know what. shut your trap. Irene.
God. I ain't scared of no can.
Brian. you gotta pull back slow.
I pulled it back.
I had just told you to shut your trap.
It's my turn.
Yes ma'am.
Keep it steady.
You missed it.
No I didn't.
Hey. you guys're supposed to be family.
Start acting like it.
She were-
What?
Teasing you?
Just 'cause she treat you like a baby
doesn't mean you act like one.
Irene. you need to
start treating your brother
with some respect.
Come on. Brian.
We gotta go clear that tree.
Did you start it?
'Course I did.
Ma?
There's a man coming up the road.
Who is he. Ma?
I don't know.
Howdy.
Howdy. mister.
Name's Jonathan.
Jonathan Redmond.
What brings you up this way. Mr. Redmond?
Well. I'm a surveyor
for the Pacific Company
and we're looking to maybe
have a line come through here.
I don't want no train
coming through here.
Irene. be friendly.
Well the company might be
looking to take out an easement.
I was hoping I could
maybe take a look around.
I think you better talk
to my husband about that.
He's just on up the way.
Irene. show him to your Pa.
My pleasure.
Come on.
I see you got revolver.
I do.
Is it for protection?
It is.
So you see a lot of bandits
out while you're surveying?
Not yet.
That's disappointing.
I'd like to see a bandit.
And why is that?
So I could kill one.
I'd like to kill my father.
but he's out in Reno right now.
Ain't you taking me to him right now?
No. that's my Pa.
He's my Ma's second husband.
My father. he tried to
kill me and my brother.
so in the middle of the night.
we left for Tulsa.
One day I'm gonna kill my father.
And why are you saying this?
I'm saying I got no
bones about killing nobody.
and we came a long way out here
to get away from all that trouble.
and trains bring trouble.
That's all I'm saying.
So do you always make
threats to people who come by?
Only people worth making threats to.
I'll take it as a compliment.
I don't like your tone. mister.
I find it awfully disrespectful.
I shot a rabbit just this
morning straight through the eye.
Have to say. miss.
that's real impressive.
It is.
Your sister's got a fire in her.
Sometimes she thinks
pretty highly of herself.
Yeah.
Maybe you should think
a little higher of yourself.
Sure.
It's a nice pile.
"Nice pile"?
Yeah. it's nice.
Nice pile.
Hey. Pa.
There's a man coming up
here to drive an iron bullet
right through our slice of heaven on earth.
Howdy.
Thanks. Irene.
Thank you. miss.
Sure.
Jonathan Redmond.
I'm a surveyor for the Pacific Company.
I was hoping to have a look around.
possibly looking to take out an easement.
Well. then you can have a look around.
I don't know if I'll grant you one.
Might just have to
take one from you. then.
Hell. you can try.
Supper ready?
Nearly.
I'm gonna grab a little something.
Gotta get that heifer in before
the bull comes in tomorrow.
What?
You really think we can
make a ranch out of this place?
Of course I do.
Well. once that bull comes in.
we can start making babies.
Well. in that case.
we could've used couple more rooms
instead of you spending money on that bull.
I will build you eight more rooms.
Three more floors.
I got the money. Beth.
Don't you worry.
Where'd you learn that?
You.
Right.
That's how you cut your
fingers off. too. right?
Yeah.
What. you don't like
eating with us or something?
No.
Just don't like eating with you.
Is he mad at me?
I don't know. why don't you ask him?
Why you got that twine?
Why do you care?
Just asking. Trying to be friendly.
Well. it's for trying things.
Things that use twine.
You can get stuff outta trees.
You can fix things.
You can fix a bucket handle
and you can make shoelaces.
You can. I don't know. tie things together.
Stitch up stuff.
You know. you never know
when you could use twine.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
and I've known you my whole life.
Sorry. I didn't mean that.
Howdy.
Evening. mister.
Find what you were looking for?
Sure did. It's beautiful
land you got here.
Thank you.
You know. it's getting a
little later than I expected
and seven miles back to town.
I don't think I'll make it
back before dark. so...
Certainly you're welcome to the land.
Ain't got much room left inside for you.
Ain't got much left inside for myself.
Much obliged. miss.
Have you had supper yet?
Oh no. no. no. no.
That'd be imposing myself far too much.
Please.
Be nice to have some
company around here for once.
If I'm being honest.
I wouldn't mind some company myself.
Irene. could you put the lamp up?
I think you've forgot to fill it.
I think you forgot to tell me to fill it.
I apologize for the state of our home.
It's not quite finished yet.
We just been here the one summer.
It's real lovely. miss.
All right.
Bless us our heavenly father.
Thank you for the bounty
which we are about to partake.
Amen. - Amen.
Sure nice to having on have
an unfamiliar face round here.
We don't get too many house guests.
Pleased to have the hospitality.
So where are you from. mister?
I'm from Cleveland.
I've heard bad things about Cleveland.
What have you heard?
Not to trust a man from Cleveland.
Where'd you hear that?
Oh. I heard it from me.
Irene. apologize.
I don't like him. Ma.
Apologize.
You better apologize.
I ain't apologizing to a man
looking to steal our home from us.
You apologize right now.
I'm just speaking what I'm thinking.
Well. go on and speak
it to yourself outside. then.
Fine.
I'll be speaking a whole
lot of things out there.
You like guns?
I do.
Do you have any other guns around here?
No. just the rifle.
First the target and down the barrel.
Straighten up.
Now that's it.
You can shoot if you want.
Thanks.
Where'd you get it?
I bought it.
I know that.
There's a chance I was wrong about you.
No. you weren't.
Now I'm gonna need you to be nice and quiet
and drop that gun.
Goddamnit!
Now I'm gonna need you
to turn around nice and slow
and walk back to the house.
My Pa's coming.
Why don't we go back
inside and wait for him then?
Turn around.
Come on. get!
I said get!
I said I didn't like him.
Irene!
What do you want?
I want you
to sit down.
Now boy. reach on
over for your mama's hand.
Don't let go.
Keep each other going. you hear?
Now I need girly. get up on the table.
Sit on your hands.
Wow.
Look at that.
It's a family portrait.
Hope it ain't too much
of a breach of hospitality.
but I invited some friends.
Come in!
Now that we got that settled.
might be time for introductions.
My name is Lewis Clark.
And yes. that's my real name.
That over there. that's Peter the Apostle.
on account he is so damn loyal.
and he do love sending them
poor souls to them Pearly Gates.
or wherever they might end up.
That skunky bastard by the door.
that's Enoch McCready.
also known as Bad Luck Nucky.
It's 'cause if you meet me.
you've had some bad luck.
That and he don't ever
win at cards. right. boys?
And I do believe you've
already been acquainted
with our newest member.
Jonathan "Red Bone" Redmond.
His name supposed to
scare us or something?
And of course. outside
we got the big man. Big Ben.
He ain't much of a talker.
Or a listener. for that matter.
And that right there.
that's Henry "The Headhunter" Goodfellow.
But you might know him as Robert Smith.
Or Pa.
I guess you thought you
were just gonna run off
and live all nice like.
Disgusting.
Johnny. keep outta this.
This here is a family matter.
Let them go.
That's not up to me. I'm afraid.
And I do believe it was
you who once told me
that there's no negotiating with a man
who's got nothing to lose.
And from what I can see. Henry.
you got a whole hell
of a lot to lose right now.
Nucky. say hello to Henry.
I hate you.
I thought you'd've run off by now.
I seem to remember there
being a whole lot more of you.
Oh. Henry.
Oh. I wish it me that got to kill you.
What do we got here?
Hey. don't. hey.
So where is it?
It's gone.
I Spent it.
You come all this way to
kill a mother and her children?
We came all this way
to collect on our debt.
The only debts I got are
between me and the Lord.
Don't worry. you'll be
meeting him soon enough.
Then go ahead and kill me.
Leave them be.
They had nothing to do with this.
True.
No. not yet.
This whole family here.
they die 'fore you do.
And they won't even know why.
You wanna tell 'em why. do you?
You wanna tell 'em what you done.
People that you killed.
family you betrayed.
Stop lying to them and yourself.
Tell 'em who the man
is they been living with.
I ain't that man anymore.
Hmm.
I suppose you ain't.
I pity you.
There ain't nothing sadder than a man
who don't know who he is.
In this great world
bequeathed to us by the divine.
we all have our place.
our purpose designed by the Lord.
That's what makes us man.
A man who don't know
who he is ain't a man at all.
You see. Henry.
we know who we are.
We are the wolves who prey on the sheep
to keep them from straying from the herd.
We have our purpose.
You?
You. Henry?
You ain't nothing anymore.
You're nothing but a wolf eating grass.
It's outside.
By an oak tree.
You have become even more of a coward.
Johnny pick this piece of shit up.
You keep an eye on these fine folk.
Hey there. Big Ben.
There's a shovel around the house.
You get the shovel.
You get the shovel. Nucky.
You know. your Pa over there.
Oh. he's a real mean son of a bitch.
Did you know that about him?
He shot his best friend
right in the back.
He betrayed the only family he ever knew.
Funny how life is circular like that.
Heard all about you.
Yeah.
Second to the big man himself.
You could say that.
Hey. which one of you two are older?
It's you.
No?
Oh. wait. no. you must be twins.
I bet you're happy you're
not one of them twins
that are stuck together
at the hip like that.
It's been too long. ain't it?
Yeah.
You are looking a stretch older.
You were always the one
with the pretty face. Henry.
Nucky!
Right here.
Hey!
Go on.
Get digging.
Fine.
I'm gonna kill you.
Sorry. what was that?
Ah.
You could. you could just let us go.
We don't know you
and we have nothing to give you.
The thing is. darling.
I've been doing this a long time. see?
And everyone is always
begging for their life.
And I don't like it.
I don't.
In fact. in my experience.
it only serves to speed up the process.
Looks like Bad Luck Nucky's
having bad luck digging.
I'm digging.
And this is important.
And some might say this
is the most essential part
of this whole thing.
What are you doing?
I'm watching.
Making sure you're doing a good job.
I'm doing a fine job.
Ain't so sure.
What do you say. Lewis?
Is he doing a fine job digging?
I'd say it's adequate.
"Adequate."
I'd say you're doing an
adequate job of breathing.
Do you even know what
adequate means. Nucky?
Come on!
Damn!
Oh. oh God!
Son of a bitch!
The hell are you doing?
Go get him!
Son of a bitch.
Henry never
could stay beat for long.
No. he couldn't.
Thought you were the same.
Hey!
I'll be damned.
Get this thing outta my damn foot.
Okay. nice and easy now. okay?
Just one. two-
Oh. shit!
Sweet jumping-
Come on.
What the hell happened here. Peter?
What the hell does it look like?
I don't know.
Give me the girl. I'm gonna kill her.
No!
She stabbed me in my damn foot!
So?
So I want you to shoot her!
No!
Do it!
No! No!
No!
You happy now?
Nucky. you shot the wrong kid.
He said the girl Nucky.
Well. I'm sorry. damnit!
No. it's fine. just go ahead
and shoot that bitch. too!
Come on! - No!
We ain't shooting nobody right now.
Nucky.
Careful.
Peter. I just want you to know
that I checked under everything
and I didn't find any more little girls
that might jump out at you.
Bring me the boy.
No! No!
Move again and I'll kill you.
Ma. it's alright. we'll get him back
I swear.
I'm sorry.
Lewis!
It ain't gotta be like this!
It's far too late for that. Henry.
I still consider you a brother.
I know that sounds strange.
but it's true.
I couldn't do it anymore.
Ain't you ever wanted
a life away from all this?
No more death. no more killing.
Anyway. you can take me.
I'll show you where the money
is and then you go. all right?
It ain't my decision. Henry.
If it were. would you go?
I do believe so.
Evenin'. son.
Don't you worry.
Your Pa plays this right.
you'll be digging his
grave instead of lying in it.
Is he a good Pa?
Do anything for you?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I taught him that.
All right.
Maybe you should say something to him.
Pa!
Don't think that's quite loud enough.
It's good to see you Henry.
You too. brother.
Sounds like your Pa ran into a friend.
Stay with the boy. Nucky.
C'mon!
Hmm.
Can you read?
I like books.
Read to me.
I was born in the year
1632 in the city of York
of a good family.
though not of that country.
Hmm. no. not of that country.
I didn't say for you to stop!
Though not of that country.
My father being a foreigner of Bremen.
Damn it. it's pronounced "bree-man"!
"Bree-man." who settled first at Hull.
He got a good estate by merchandise.
You ever play horseshoes?
What?
I said did you ever play
horseshoe with your Pa?
No.
Huh.
He was always good at horseshoes.
I figured he would've showed you.
...English shoes and stockings.
which were things I greatly wanted.
but had none on my feet for many years.
I had. indeed. got two pair of shoes now.
which I took off the
feet of two drowned men
whom I saw in the wreck.
very welcome to me.
and I found two pair
more in one of the chests.
But they were not like our English shoes.
...which were very welcome to me.
but they were not like our-
Drop it.
Now!
Where's my son?
They still got him.
Don't you worry. he's safe for now.
You don't know that.
Go get him right now.
No. we wait for 'em to come back.
Why are you saying that?
'Cause I know these men.
How do you know 'em?
I used to be one of 'em.
I guess you already figured that out.
Look I-
I lived I-
I grew up in an orphanage.
That much is true.
And one day. uh...
Ezekiel came by and said
he saw something in me
and asked me if I wanted to go with him.
and of course I said yeah.
He had a whole gang of us out on the farm.
One day we just started robbing. killing.
I ain't gonna get into all that.
And after we left the farm.
we started running.
and after years of running.
I just figured I'd
settle down and made myself a life.
He never told me where
the earnings were. but...
I knew.
One day I just up and took it
and I set myself up real nice.
Now. that's.
that's when I met you.
And I couldn't go spending it all
'cause that would've just created a stir.
and then...
They found me anyway.
And that's why they're here.
for their money and my blood.
I'm sorry. Beth.
I had no business getting with you.
You're one real bastard.
Where's the money?
Beth. I-
After all this.
you ain't gonna tell me
where the money is. huh?
What do you think you're gonna do?
Are you gonna go and
you gonna beat all them?
Chase 'em down?
What's your plan?
Come on. Beth.
You know. I'd give 'em the money.
I just. I'm just a man.
My son is out there
and they want what you took from them.
You gonna give it to 'em. you hear me?
Yeah. all right.
Where's the money?
It's under the floorboards. all right?
Right there under the house.
It's not nailed down.
Damn you.
Irene.
Go on and get it.
Ezekiel!
You tell Nucky.
if that two-bit huckster of a
dog. they take another step.
I'm gonna blow your
head off and theirs. too.
You want your boy back?
Take another step.
make another move I don't like.
it better be their hands
in the sky praying to God.
because that's the last chance they'll get.
I'm gonna approach the house.
hands to God.
I don't need you going
and taking my head off.
Got three bags of your sin in here.
You send my boy back
to me and you can have it.
I hope I'm incorrect.
but I believe you have the body
of dear brother Peter in there.
Need to be giving him a Christian burial.
Come in here and get him.
You bring him. and the money. too.
I ain't stepping in that house.
Keep your hands up. boys.
Yeah. keep 'em up.
I got you. I got you!
Come on now.
It is good to see you. Henry.
You could've written.
Go!
Much obliged.
Oh.
He was a bad man.
What happened tonight.
that was on him.
That was his sin coming back. kids.
If it had been one of y'all instead of him.
I'd done killed him myself.
He's done bad things with very bad people.
He doomed us. since the
day that we got married.
My brothers. let us attend to you
as you begin your eternal descent.
May the gates of hell open at your whisper.
May we. the forsaken and lost.
mourn not your life.
but your deeds and your deeds unfinished.
Now. tomorrow morning.
before that crew bring in that bull.
we gonna bury him.
and we gonna do it right.
And then we're gonna.
we're gonna catch a ride into town
and a stage coach to Tulsa.
We're gonna. we're gonna
have to start a whole new life
again by ourselves.
Wherever you want.
You wanna stay here
while they're out there?
I wanna keep you safe.
I gotta to keep you safe.
Yeah Pa was the one that did that.
and now he's dead.
May I spill my blood for you
as yours has been shed for me.
As you have bled. so shall I.
Ashes to ashes.
My brothers. we came here for one purpose.
and that was to retrieve our honor
from the bloodstained
hands of he who took it.
And yet two of our
brothers lie dead before us.
their lives unduly taken by Judas himself.
the man who left the
only family he ever knew
just so he could steal one for himself.
That family. those children. that woman.
they just over that hill.
We came for respect.
We stay for retribution.
I'm gonna kill 'em.
Get that outta your head right now.
Don't say that.
They come in here.
take us captive.
kill Pa and kidnap my brother.
and you just wanna let that pass by?
You think you're gonna
hunt down a gang of outlaws?
You gonna kill 'em one by one?
Yes.
I didn't raise murderers.
Too late.
I gotta protect you.
Oh. you've done a hell of a job at that.
I think it's best we
all just get some sleep.
I ain't sleeping tonight. Ma.
They gone. Irene.
We don't know that.
We should go.
I say we stayin'. we stayin'.
If you think they gone.
why are you scared. then?
What are they doing?
I think it's a tea party.
They ain't here.
They're gone.
How long did it take
you to figure that one out?
Where do you wanna go?
You wanna go to Chicago?
You always were saying you wanna go
somewhere something's happening.
I want go to Robinson Crusoe's island.
There ain't no one out there.
Just no one to bug us.
Just us and goats.
That sounds real nice.
Ain't they got cannibals on that island?
You find 'em?
Someone's got a limp.
Stay back and see if
Henry left anything else.
He was talking to you.
No he didn't.
You stay. I ain't staying.
Flip a coin?
Fine.
Heads.
Bad luck.
Ma. they got our tracks.
We gotta run.
No. we can't run.
Brian can't run.
If they're gonna find us.
they're gonna find us sooner or later.
Then we kill 'em.
No. no.
Let them pass by.
You should just go.
No. no.
We ain't gonna leave you. Brian.
Brian. Brian. what are you doing?
If we can get back to the house. right?
It's the only place they checked.
It's the only place they know we ain't.
Yeah. all right.
You never know when you need some twine.
Let's go!
Come on!
Wait here.
Okay.
All right. Come on.
Come on.
We're safe now.
Don't lie to me. Ma.
They ain't here.
And if we left when we said we would.
we wouldn't be here. either.
You should've.
you should've just left me.
Quit feeling
sorry for yourself Brian.
Are you dead?
No.
Come on out. then.
And if I even imagine I
hear you reaching for a gun.
you sure gonna hear mine.
They're coming.
They're coming for me.
And then there ain't gonna
be an angel in heaven
that dare come down and bring you mercy.
I'm sorry.
I thought. I thought they were gone.
Yeah. well. they're coming back now.
Honey. grab that other chair.
No. that other one.
Get this bed up. come on. Irene.
Come on back a little.
♪ My house. my home ♪
♪ My little black stove is always here ♪
♪ And always gonna show that you ♪
♪ Are more than welcome right here ♪
♪ And your pretty black dress ♪
♪ Your pink one. too ♪
♪ Maybe your brown one
and your little white shoes ♪
♪ Oh. you ♪
We got your man.
♪ Are more than welcome ♪
Show him to me.
♪ Right here ♪
Fine.
Up. get up.
See him now?
You see him now?
We're outta bullets.
♪ Because I know you ♪
I'll cut him.
I'll cut him right here. right now.
♪ Better than you know yourself ♪
♪ On the worst of days ♪
Speak before I kill him outta spite.
♪ Because I know you ♪
I swear I will.
My brother.
You have followed me.
You have stood beside me.
You've given your blood.
Your service will be
rewarded as all who follow are.
And the damnation and
pain brought upon those
who cast you aside will be eternal.
What's that mean. hmm?
Huh.
Lord.
Lord. I need forgiveness.
Forgive me.
Irene!
Brian's all right.
Oh. good. good.
Run.
Ma? - Run.
Ma?
I'm right behind you.
Run. run.
Come on. Brian.
Where's Ma?
She's running. too.
I hope you've still got that life in you.
that urge to survive.
I hope you know your kids are dead. too.
You've killed my family.
I'm gonna find 'em. wherever they are.
and I'm gonna kill 'em.
I ain't the devil.
Just his friend.
You win.
Dear Lord. please
guide these souls to the...
I hope y'all made it.
You think she'd wanna
be buried next to him?
No. probably not.
Where you want to go?
I was thinking we go kill our father.
Ha. that sounds real nice.